Simple web stack:
You should be able to explain some details of this infrastructure:
    - What is a server?
        A server is a set of computers capable of handling a client's requests and returning a response accordingly. Servers can run on any type of computer,
        including dedicated computers which are individually referred to as "the server".

    - What is the function of a domain name?
        An Internet domain, or domain, is a unique name that identifies a web page on the Internet.

        The DNS (Domain Name System) servers are responsible for resolving or translating names on the Web, i.e. translating the IP address of the server where
        the domain is hosted.

        In other words, all web pages are hosted on an IP address of the type 83.111.22.123. DNS servers are able to convert the domain name into that string of
        numbers in order to display the correct content that is hosted at that address.

    - What type of DNS www record is at www.foobar.com:
        CNAME =  Used when running multiple services (such as FTP and web server) on a server with a single IP address.

    - What is the function of a web server?
        The main function of a Web server is to store the files of a site and broadcast them over the Internet so that they can be visited by users. Basically,
        a Web server is a large computer that stores and transmits data via the network system called the Internet.

    - What is the function of the application server?
        Application servers are server programs on a distributed network that provide the execution environment for an application program. The application server
        collaborates with the web server to provide a dynamic and customized response to a client request.

    - What is the function of the database:
        A database (database) stores data and connects them in a logical unit together with the metadata necessary for processing. Databases are very useful tools
        for managing large files and facilitating the retrieval of information.

    - What does the server use to communicate with the computer of the user requesting the website?
        HTTP, from its acronym in English: "Hypertext Transfer Protocol", is the name of a protocol which allows us to make a request for data and resources, such
        as HTML documents.

        HTTPS, which stands for "Hypertext Transfer Protocol Security", is an application protocol based on the HTTP protocol, intended for the secure transfer of
        hypertext data, i.e. it is the secure version of HTTP.

You should be able to explain what the issues are with this infrastructure:
    - Where are the SPOF
        A single point of failure or single point of failure1 (SPOF2) is a component of a system that after a failure in its operation causes a global failure in
        the entire system, rendering it inoperative.

        The place where this failure can occur in our scheme is when the router crashes, making our server unreachable.

    - Security problems (no firewall, no HTTPS)
        1. do not use http-s:
        2. do not use firewall
        3. do not use proxy

    - No monitoring
        1. when maintenance is required, there is no other backup server to maintain availability.
        2. There is no server to handle the load of http requests.

Infrastructure Design: https://imgur.com/a/66DfT7h
