You must be able to explain some specifics about this infrastructure:
	- For every additional element, why you are adding it
		An SSL certificate was added to authenticate the identity of our website and enable
		the encrypted connection.

		Proxy firewalls: This makes it difficult for attackers to understand the transmission data.
		Proxy firewalls only inspect Internet traffic of specific protocols.

		Then there are the firewalls: in case the proxy firewall is breached there are 2 additional
		firewalls capable of protecting each of the servers in the local area network.

	- What are firewalls for
		Firewalls allow, limit and block network traffic based on preconfigured rules in hardware or
		software by analyzing data packets requesting entry to the network.

	- Why is the traffic served over HTTPS
		Because the HTTPS connection encrypts data to ensure secure data transmission.

		The purpose of an HTTPS connection is to protect the data being transmitted. An HTTP connection
		can be easily intercepted, allowing targeted attacks on individuals.

	- What monitoring is used for
		The monitoring software will monitor the computer's metrics, record them and issue an alert if
		anything unusual occurs or that may cause the computer to malfunction.

	- How the monitoring tool is collecting data
		There is a monitoring tool called zabbix that allows capturing data from the servers that are
		associated in the cluster, by means of an agent.

		This agent is a program derived from the zabbix tool that is installed in each of the servers and
		allows capturing all the data related to hardware, software and network.

	- Explain what to do if you want to monitor your web server QPS
		To monitor the QPS, an agent must be installed to capture the traffic data and send it to our
		monitoring server.

You must be able to explain what the issues are with this infrastructure:
	- Why terminating SSL at the load balancer level is an issue
		If one requests SSL termination on the cloud load balancer, it will affect the customer's
		sensitive data when performing such transactions. As any transaction process requires a secure
		connection, if SSL termination is active, there is a possibility of identity theft and breach of
		customer's confidential data (credit card/debit card).

	- Why having only one MySQL server capable of accepting writes is an issue
		In the conventional replication model a problem arises and it is that if the primary server were
		to present a database error, in our case MySQL, this error will be replicated to the secondary servers.

	- Why having servers with all the same components (database, web server and application server) might be a problem
		No, because critical errors are usually located in the distribution of the servers.

Web Secured and Monitored Infrastructure: https://imgur.com/gallery/kHIU5Mq

